SPCTR-3314: Fix - Container html tag link issue (#3447)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Container - Resolved an issue were html tag link doesn't work as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Container - Resolved an issue in which the link tag would not work as intended on the front-end.
```

Author: Done.
